When it's hard for you to shut up your mouth.No.(Oh look there's no character minimum anymore so I didn't even need to write this)Troll alertLOL yeah, I see what she did there. Either way the thread goes, the OP wins. The only thing left is to make the inevitable downfall more interesting and informative LOL yeah, I see what she did there. Either way the thread goes, the OP wins. The only thing left is to make the inevitable downfall more interesting and informative Some people talk, because they have a lot to talk about.Others talk, because it makes them uncomfortable being quiet.You can't go 24 hours without affirmation, and God forbid it comes from an introvert.You can't spend all day insideYour dominant function is extroverted, the same with your tertiary You talk to inanimate objects and animals when you're aloneinb4lock...You know the thing i find the most ironic in terms of PerC in itself is this. If you head over to the ENFP/TP forum, even the ESFP/ENTJ, you won't find masses and masses of data being exchanged. One liners, a few paragraphs here and there. The introverted forums explains everything in complete detail, they go on and on , sometimes repeating themselves over and over again. I can hardly get through reading all the blab, i find myself skipping every 10 lines and getting the jest of the whole thing. Basically Ne can sum up everything that needs to be said in a few lines, often 1. The sub forums are draining, introverts will use up pages in order to get a point across. So yeah, i have to wonder who really talks the most You can't spend all day insideYour dominant function is extroverted, the same with your tertiary I hate spending all day inside, and sometimes I talk to my cats. I'm not extroverted.You talk to people you've just met, like you've known them for years!you know when your the first one to talk when your with your introverted friends..When you find that one person who really clicks with you and all of a sudden you have to know EVERYTHING about them!!You can't keep things inside of your head, and alot of the time ...when you think it, you say it before you can catch yourself.You know the thing i find the most ironic in terms of PerC in itself is this. If you head over to the ENFP/TP forum, even the ESFP/ENTJ, you won't find masses and masses of data being exchanged. One liners, a few paragraphs here and there. The introverted forums explains everything in complete detail, they go on and on , sometimes repeating themselves over and over again. I can hardly get through reading all the blab, i find myself skipping every 10 lines and getting the jest of the whole thing. Basically Ne can sum up everything that needs to be said in a few lines, often 1. The sub forums are draining, introverts will use up pages in order to get a point across. So yeah, i have to wonder who really talks the most @INTJellectualI prefer to shut up and do stuff. Listening to others makes my eyes glaze over, unless they say something interesting. Then I listen. Silence is wonderful, but I often worry the other person dislikes it or thinks I dislike him/her if I don't talk.I'm quiet 90% of the time and prefer it that way, probably gotten used to it through self isolation. :sad: thou the long periods of being by myself are effing depressing and draining. I prefer being with a specific person, she is a fun introvert and enough to keep me sane.@INTJellectualI prefer to shut up and do stuff. Listening to others makes my eyes glaze over, unless they say something interesting. Then I listen. Silence is wonderful, but I often worry the other person dislikes it or thinks I dislike him/her if I don't talk.don't spend everytime inside your head?When you create something you're really proud of and feel the need to show EVERYONE YOU KNOW!!!!!I'm not an extravert, but I would venture to guess that you know you're an extravert when you don't mind talking to strangers.You are an extrovert when you always want to initiate something.When the only thing that could possibly turn you into a moderate recluse.. Is family.Well.. Perhaps I'll be spending a bit more time on here. lolWhen you accidentally steal attention of the entire party and you weren't really meaning to. All you were doing was being yourself, interested in people and their stories. When being around others elevates your mood.When you love the night life.Well-intended introvert: "looks like you'll have another nice quiet day in with no distractions and no one to bother you and nothing that you need to do" Extravert: "Oh, ummm, how nice...." (To self: HOW AM I GOING TO GET OUT OF HERE???)I'm not the most extroverted extrovert, but:When you can come up with just as many crazy theories and ideas about the world as an introvert, but you just HAVE to share them with your friends. :crazy:when you loooooooooooooooove meeting new people. =)when you love talking more than writing?when you can talk to anyone about anything at anytime comfortably.when everyone relies on you to get the introverts talking.When the rational statements you make keep people talking, even when you weren't trying to do this (after all, you're good at putting things objectively, like you have some purpose in mind that you're sharing for others to help you unveil, even if this is far from true - after all, you haven't given away how subjectively interested you are in what you're talking about, so I guess people want to know?).Also, when people are quick to give you a response after you say something, like they know exactly what the next appropriate thing to say is.You can't spend all day insideYour dominant function is extroverted, the same with your tertiary When you notice you are not like introverts.When you're Russell Brandwhen you become drained when you are alone too long.You know the thing i find the most ironic in terms of PerC in itself is this. If you head over to the ENFP/TP forum, even the ESFP/ENTJ, you won't find masses and masses of data being exchanged. One liners, a few paragraphs here and there. The introverted forums explains everything in complete detail, they go on and on , sometimes repeating themselves over and over again. I can hardly get through reading all the blab, i find myself skipping every 10 lines and getting the jest of the whole thing. Basically Ne can sum up everything that needs to be said in a few lines, often 1. The sub forums are draining, introverts will use up pages in order to get a point across. So yeah, i have to wonder who really talks the most You want to be around other people even when you want to be alone.Isn't it kind of funny then, that most INTJ's love ENTPs. In fact, it's considered an ideal match... I guess you like people who know how to use their mouths...I hate spending all day inside, and sometimes I talk to my cats. I'm not extroverted.A reflective mood gets energized by suddenly telling stories of scars, bones or surgeries and everyone is laughing.You don't much care for cubicle workYou prefer to study in a group, but if you like the people in the group, they will not do you any good because socializing will then take priority over studying.If after an exciting exchange of thoughts and ideas, you sometimes realize that it was not so much of an exchange as you talking, and someone pretending to listen or actually listening, depending on how interesting you are. And you never really know.Perhaps you don't mind being at home alone for a while since there's always the internet, but after a few days, the weird anxiety kicks in. Your dominant function is extroverted, the same with your tertiaryJust feeling like to talk, getting energized by it. Having a wide circle of friends. Pretty much a social butterfly and direct energy into the world, building their influence in the world.Also, extroverts tend to be more socialized and develop more relationships than an introvert most of the time.You don't much care for cubicle workYou prefer to study in a group, but if you like the people in the group, they will not do you any good because socializing will then take priority over studying.You know you're an extrovert when even though you're really shy and nervous and not required to at all, you still get up in front of the class to give a presentation that you didn't prepare for at all so you have to make up off the top of your head. Because you just really feel like standing up and talking to everyone.You can't spend all day insideYour dominant function is extroverted, the same with your tertiary You think you're an introvert and you even try to chalk up to it, but prove yourself wrong when you find yourself starting conversations with strangers, and starting conversations in general... when you're quiet, but only 'cause you're zoned out. or don't have any particularly good thoughts at the moment (for more optimistic people who avoid spreading negativity). Sometimes I choose to be reserved because I don't want people to just count on me all the time to do everything. I hate that. Also when you like giving out food and stuff and smiling a lot and being hospitable and humorous. When you run into another extravert and can't get a word in edgewise...you know you're an extrovert when you like paying attention to your senses ie the thrill of the party is a sensation type thing.. and you know you're an extrovert when you can read people's faces subconsciously and know their feeling ie feel it yourself - empathy. makes sense if you ask me and thus extrovert = sensing = feeling. they're all linked and part of one type. one side of the brain. that's why nf doesn't exist that's why i've never detected nf'ness in real life. extroversion = sensation = feeling. introversion = thinking = intuition. the mbti is therefore wrong in it's dichotomies in life there is only ever 2 - 2 sides of the brain. of course alll the types exist in their aesthetic feel and self contained logic just like the starsign types. and as an intj i invite any argument against this - particularly from INTJellectual. you know you're an extrovert when you like paying attention to your senses ie the thrill of the party is a sensation type thing.. and you know you're an extrovert when you can read people's faces subconsciously and know their feeling ie feel it yourself - empathy. makes sense if you ask me and thus extrovert = sensing = feeling. they're all linked and part of one type. one side of the brain. that's why nf doesn't exist that's why i've never detected nf'ness in real life. extroversion = sensation = feeling. introversion = thinking = intuition. the mbti is therefore wrong in it's dichotomies in life there is only ever 2 - 2 sides of the brain. of course alll the types exist in their aesthetic feel and self contained logic just like the starsign types. and as an intj i invite any argument against this - particularly from INTJellectual. When it's hard for you to shut up your mouth.When you walk around the house naked with the curtains open during rush hour!When you walk around the house naked with the curtains open during rush hour!By your argument against the ontological value of NF, the ExTy types don't exist either. It is far more accurate to assess the introversion or extroversion of a personality based on cognitive functions - e.g. primary Ne for an ENTP will mean examining the world outside your mind and seeing where your intuition fits, or even what patterns you can detect. The N type mind doesn't look at things statically, and can even be blindsided by the simple at times. Moreover, the NF types depending on which NF type you're talking about can process primarily through intuition or through feeling, internally or externally, depending on their primary function as well. The NF can process an experience, and compare against some emotional abstraction which I'll fully admit to being incapable of understanding. In either case, just as with the NT types, they tend to live in a world above Plato's divided line, rather than an Aristotelian concrete world.you know you're an extrovert when you like paying attention to your senses ie the thrill of the party is a sensation type thing..'Extraverted Sensation (Se). --- This is a function, and NOT being an extrovert. ---> extroversion is an attitude.'wowowo hold up i know how all the functions work how the mbti system works when i was describing extrovert thrill of hte party i was just using extrovert as it's meaning in plain english i don't there is a dichotomy of extroversion vs introversion as a root personality trait (merely a surface behavior that can be seen) so i know how extraverted sensation works (under the self contained logic of mbti that is).i know what the functions are etc i'm a noob here but i've been obsessed with mbti for like 7 years.Extraverted Feeling (Fe). This is a function, and NOT being an extrovert. ---> extroversion is an attitude. if you're saying extroversion is an attitude in response to me using the phrase 'you know you're an extrovert when...' i don't know why because you're the one who created a thread titled 'you know you're an extrovert when...' yet you're saying no ones an extrovert it's just an attitude.. i know..i thought it was just semantics you, and then I, were using'But if you inspect it carefully in details it would divide into many parts, hence we produce the 16 personality types in MBTI. Of course NF do exists, if they don't, what about the ET types or the ST types?' - i've done a lot of inspection but if you think it works how would you explain the details. i thought the four archetypes were sp, sj, nt, nf not st, sf, or whatever. i know all of what you said already in the rest of that same paragraph. i wouldn't be arguing against mbti if i hadn't read and understood by it's own logic the system of mbti. 'Extraverted Sensation (Se). --- This is a function, and NOT being an extrovert. ---> extroversion is an attitude.'wowowo hold up i know how all the functions work how the mbti system works when i was describing extrovert thrill of hte party i was just using extrovert as it's meaning in plain english i don't there is a dichotomy of extroversion vs introversion as a root personality trait (merely a surface behavior that can be seen) so i know how extraverted sensation works (under the self contained logic of mbti that is).i know what the functions are etc i'm a noob here but i've been obsessed with mbti for like 7 years.Extraverted Feeling (Fe). This is a function, and NOT being an extrovert. ---> extroversion is an attitude. 7 years? seems like you just learned it yesterday extrovert - a person, extroversion- an attitude. I didn't say extrovert is an attitude, lol.please don't remark about what my argument seems like... 'extrovert - a person, extroversion- an attitude. I didn't say extrovert is an attitude, lol' - reread i never said extrovert is an attitude. did you even read what i wrote or just skim over it because you don't even want to know if the mbti is wrong fundamentally? you've actually failed to understand what i was saying first by the phrase 'you know you're an extrovert when...' (YOUR OWN PHRASE) and then when i adressed your problems with that you seem to have literally seen a different word on the page to what's there... i'm not attacking you that's just all fact. ... When you have to jump into a conversation with a story of your own, always.When you never run out of things to talk about.When you enjoy being around other extroverts but introverts get you down.When you just drive yourself crazy wondering what is going on inside a quiet friend's head!Some people talk, because they have a lot to talk about.Others talk, because it makes them uncomfortable being quiet.Ha I used to be like that! I was an INTJ once, but I sort of grew out of the I into the E (not saying I is immature). just as I grew I became more out there. As long as it's not harmful to me I will say whatever about me I want to say. and it's nothing that'll turn anyone *off* so I have nothing to hide in particular. Plus we change constantly and I could be a totally different person tomorrow. of course we should all keep our secrets if you know what I mean!When you get excited when you'll have people over, or when you're going to someone's house, even if it's just a birthday party- you like pretty much any social atmosphere. in the right quantities of course~You sometimes miss going to school like on vacation because of friends/people you interact with.When you have absolutely no problem with- when you LOVE performing on stage in front of people. Ahh it's so rejuvenating, I can't even describe it. it's not pride, but just the feeling of performing.. is great.Most of the comments on this thread are completely typist stereotypes.You know you're an extrovert when your dominant function is extroverted.Most of the comments on this thread are completely typist stereotypes.You know you're an extrovert when your dominant function is extroverted.You find yourself blowing off responsibilities with any excuse to go out, even if you know the event you're going to is something you aren't interested in.Most of the comments on this thread are completely typist stereotypes.When you're having so much fun that you can't help getting loud and energetic and drawing everyone's attention, even though you also have awful social anxiety.My poor anxiety's trying so hard not to draw any attention and just to fade into the background, but the extroversion is all like "HEY GUYS HEY LOOK AT ME LOOK WHAT I CAN DO," and then the anxiety realizes it has no idea what it was gonna do, and it's like "oh great and now everyone's looking at me," and the extroversion is like "WHO CARES AT LEAST EVERYONE'S LOOKING AT ME "Also, sometimes I get jealous when other people get attention. Like, someone will go "Aww, look what Winnie's doing!" (Winnie is my puppy,) and in my head I'll be like "What no that's not fair guys look at ME look what I'M doing!!" But maybe I'm just an attention hog...When you're having so much fun that you can't help getting loud and energetic and drawing everyone's attention, even though you also have awful social anxiety.My poor anxiety's trying so hard not to draw any attention and just to fade into the background, but the extroversion is all like "HEY GUYS HEY LOOK AT ME LOOK WHAT I CAN DO," and then the anxiety realizes it has no idea what it was gonna do, and it's like "oh great and now everyone's looking at me," and the extroversion is like "WHO CARES AT LEAST EVERYONE'S LOOKING AT ME "When you're having so much fun that you can't help getting loud and energetic and drawing everyone's attention, even though you also have awful social anxiety.My poor anxiety's trying so hard not to draw any attention and just to fade into the background, but the extroversion is all like "HEY GUYS HEY LOOK AT ME LOOK WHAT I CAN DO," and then the anxiety realizes it has no idea what it was gonna do, and it's like "oh great and now everyone's looking at me," and the extroversion is like "WHO CARES AT LEAST EVERYONE'S LOOKING AT ME "....you don't write about the things that make an extrovert, but DO them You know you're an Introvert when... - 94 pagesYou know you're an Extrovert when... - 8 pages :crazy:When you care if your personality type has the potential to cause you to be popular.....you don't write about the things that make an extrovert, but DO them You know you're an Introvert when... - 94 pagesMost of the comments on this thread are completely typist stereotypes.I knew I was an extrovert because I always end up talking to myself when I'm alone at home. roud:When I'm alone, I go on every kind of instant messaging service possible and start texting people. If all of the above fail, I do whatever I can to keep myself busy. (Resisting strong urge to end this with "#extrovertproblems". I don't even own a twitter, but god those hash tags are addicting)You talk to inanimate objects and animals when you're aloneEveryone does this ... right?I would never do such a thing to placate any urges to be social. Maybe to work through a thought, or having a debate with one of my cats about social welfare programs, but that's it really. Most of the time I'm silent.You pace the floors and talk to yourself like a damn CRAZY PERSON when you're alone. (Don't act like you don't do it)when you often speak without thinking.When you're not in this thread because your out in the real world while a good deal of introverts post in here.(I know there are posts by extroverts here as well but skimming though this I saw a lot of I's)Whenever you get togetherw for lunch with 4 of your coworkers and you lead/dominate the conversation - every time.When you get infuriated in group projects because nobody is taking charge as well as you could...When you get slightly ticked off that the Introverts have 90+ pages.Well no that's no really extroverted haha.When you're angry with your friends on friday, by the time the weekend is over you somehow forget you were angry at them on monday.- I think you know you're extroverted when you look outside yourself for understanding, comfort, stability... - Your emotions are responses to interactions with the outside world.- In comparison I think an introvert is someone whose understanding, comfort, stability are self-formulated (or with little to no input from a live human) and their emotions are responses to the outside world's interaction with THEM.I'm new to this so it would be cool if someone could check me on that  You're talking about life with a random stranger you met at the grocery store 5 seconds earlier!I knew I was an extrovert when...I realized that lectures in school or college melt my mind and I'd spend the whole time looking around at people, while trying desperately not to bother them until the teacher/tutor had stopped talking and was letting us "get back to work".I can spend hours reading about a topic of interest... so long as I can check facebook every 5 minutes and get up take a break and relax with my family/friends.When the house is completely empty aside from me and I start getting uncomfortable and pacing the floor talking to myself and making my self laugh. (Ok so I'm just insane XD)When you can't stand staying at home during weekends. That's me right now... I need to get out of the house!You Know You're An Extrovert When You Can See How lnaccurately lntroverts Describe Extroverts ln This Thread.You Know You're An Asshole When Descriptions Made By Other Extroverts ln This Thread Make You Want To Cut Ties With Humanity.You pace the floors and talk to yourself like a damn CRAZY PERSON when you're alone. (Don't act like you don't do it)Oh my gosh, yes! Have you been spying on me? Do you live in my closet? :tongue:When going on your fourth day of summer vacation and the only interaction you had was with your family and over texting with your friends, but it's not enough to keep the slowly building anxiety away.Me right now! It feels like I'm trapped, in a way.TV and music helps, but nothing compares to hanging out with your friends for hours (or even days).When you can't stand staying at home during weekends. That's me right now... I need to get out of the house!When you need to have social things scheduled for the future, because the idea of possibly having nothing to look forward to is horrible.When you start to slowly lose your mind when going for long stretches without having a whole lot of interaction, because all your ideas are bottled up inside and you can't express them or bounce them off anybody.when you sometimes don't know how loud you talk at times.When you're having so much fun that you can't help getting loud and energetic and drawing everyone's attention, even though you also have awful social anxiety.My poor anxiety's trying so hard not to draw any attention and just to fade into the background, but the extroversion is all like "HEY GUYS HEY LOOK AT ME LOOK WHAT I CAN DO," and then the anxiety realizes it has no idea what it was gonna do, and it's like "oh great and now everyone's looking at me," and the extroversion is like "WHO CARES AT LEAST EVERYONE'S LOOKING AT ME "When I talk in my usual tone in a quiet public place and the introverts have to shush me then I'll try whispering but it is still loud. ARGH.Isn't it kind of funny then, that most INTJ's love ENTPs. In fact, it's considered an ideal match... I guess you like people who know how to use their mouths...When you were separated from the rest of your classmates due to your inability to shut up. All the way until 7th grade.You know you're an extrovert when you talk to your pets, yourself, and inanimate objects if you happen to be home alone.You know you're an extrovert when you absolutely have to meet every new person in a room and start to feel like you're a bad person if you missed someone.When your introverted friends gawk at the amount of energy you put out in a social interaction....my goodness.You Know You're An Extrovert When You Can See How lnaccurately lntroverts Describe Extroverts ln This Thread.When it's hard for you to shut up your mouth.You know you're an extrovert when you talk to your pets, yourself, and inanimate objects if you happen to be home alone.When your introversion is verbal, directed in first person and funny.When thoughts materialize as you speak.When you feel ignored when not talked to and asked for your valuable input.Being an E--P is so much fun but draining and intimidating to others.When it's hard to fall asleep cause the voice in your head won't stop bickering. Hahaha!When you're happy your not alone trolling the forums, there's other people posting simultaneously!When you're at a party and your introverted friends are too awkward to have fun with...so you wind up dancing with strangers. When watching TV alone in your room for too long gets so boring and start wanting to be around people or engaging in ideas... (I tell this to my 99%-introvert-friend group who meet that fact with shock with each time)When entering a room full of strangers makes you excitedYou know you're an extrovert, when you're offended by all the articles on MBTI facebook, about what you shouldn't say to introverts, and articles on how introverts can succeed in the workplace with noisy extrovert coworkers, and relationships and the introvert, and the article on the INFP, INTP,INFJ, and hardly any on ESTP, ENFP, ESFP,ENTP,ESTJ, etc, etc..https://www.facebook.com/thembtiJust unfair in my opinion...When you realize something in your head and you say it out loud and all of a sudden you REALLY realize it.You know you're an extrovert when you speak before you think, when you're out with people you can feel the adrenaline build up in you and the only way to release it is by talking and telling people tall tales.You really can't enjoy the silence.You really can't enjoy the silence.When someone tells you something hilarious at work and people down the hall close their doors to try to drown out your boisterous laughter.You know you're an extrovert, when you're offended by all the articles on MBTI facebook, about what you shouldn't say to introverts, and articles on how introverts can succeed in the workplace with noisy extrovert coworkers, and relationships and the introvert, and the article on the INFP, INTP,INFJ, and hardly any on ESTP, ENFP, ESFP,ENTP,ESTJ, etc, etc..https://www.facebook.com/thembtiWhen it's dark and you're alone, so you turn on the radio, TV, youtube music, and i-pod music just to fall asleep.When you walk around in a Sombrero/coonskin hat/rainbow-colored Afro/Santa hat/Groucho glasses just because you have it.When the only way to get your energy level back to normal on winter/summer break is stay at a local Starbucks for 1.5 hrs lolNot all of us. I hate people who don't stop talking. Unless of course the conversation is about ME. Being an ESFP I love talking about ME, ME, ME.When you often forget that Introverted people are not Extroverted...orYou feel inanimate when you are alone.You know you're an extrovert, when you're offended by all the articles on MBTI facebook, about what you shouldn't say to introverts, and articles on how introverts can succeed in the workplace with noisy extrovert coworkers, and relationships and the introvert, and the article on the INFP, INTP,INFJ, and hardly any on ESTP, ENFP, ESFP,ENTP,ESTJ, etc, etc..https://www.facebook.com/thembtiIt's like the system is rigged. I really had a hard crash course in considering introverts' feelings who were too sensitive. I've been accused of attacking people. Its like what you said, no real attempt at understanding us.when u love to annoy the hell out of othersWhen you have people around you all the time and you don't mind at all.When you do not need to eat and sleep when a lot of people aroundThe more people the more energized you feel...you run naked on the beach scaring old ladies and children.Introverts are either scared of you and resent you, or shyly want to be your friend You know you are if the first thing you think of when you buy a house is throwing a house warming party.I'm not extroverted, but I confirmed a co-worker at work is an extrovert after she called the radio her baby. lolYour SO is an introvert and their reactions to your wild antics range from admiration to amusement to jealousy to sheer embarrassment. :blushed:You annoy stressed introverts with your enthusiasm for life.You can't stand the thought of being alone.You thirst for involvement in social groups (beyond the internet).You seem to be missed by social groups primarily made from introverts and you notice they say the group misses its liveliness/aura without you.You annoy stressed introverts with your enthusiasm for life.When you call everyone you haven't talked to recently while at the laundromat. Sitting there is NOT an option.Maybe I'm a shy EnfpWhen you feel like you must fill in gaps of silence.When you immediatly say yes to a party invite or other activity.When you are home alone after hours or days of being with others, yet you feel lonely within an hour or two.when you ask your introverted friends "what's wrong?" a lotps: "Nothing!"You know you're an extavert when you would rather go to a coffee shop to study around people, rather than staying home alone.When you enter this thread mainly not to be the only one that doesn't write something in such a thread.When you have a new idea/object & you HAVE to share it with someoneAlso when you're feeling strong emotions & you HAVE to talk to someone about themWhen you have a new idea/object & you HAVE to share it with someoneAlso when you're feeling strong emotions & you HAVE to talk to someone about themWhen coming home to an empty house makes you instantly want to go out again! When you have a new idea/object & you HAVE to share it with someoneAlso when you're feeling strong emotions & you HAVE to talk to someone about themYou don't have much of a filter; and, if you had your way, you would let everyone know where they stood with youYou also process things verbally -- outside of yourself -- which leads to odd manic episodes where you march around at night rambling to yourself.When you complain to 500 friends on facebook about how lonely/bored you are.You know you're an Extrovert... because the alternative "You know you're an Introvert" thread has like ten times as many replies and you're gonna be going out with friends in an hour, thus not allowing time to help this place reach their number by much!When you have to force yourself to shut up a bit around your reeeaally introverted friends so they can get a word in.When you have a problem, and you know what to do about it, but you have to vent in an "advice asking" way, otherwise you undergo horrific frustration.When coming home to an empty house makes you instantly want to go out again! When you're so hyperactive and lost in your own head, that looking the mirror surprises you. What I mean is that I get so lost in the moment that I feel my body is a mere vessel, and that I forget I'm shock to see yourself looking back at you.You can't be alone for too long. (Without contact.)You know you're an Extrovert when Summer's a time to get people together! You can't have Summertime without these precious events. roud:When you get completely mummy-like when you've not been with other people than your family for morethan a week. And just taking a walk in the city feels like fresh energy down your longs.You know you're an extrovert when It's as easy to talk to a complete stranger as it is with your best friend.When Everyone else wants to go home, you come up with random ideas to keep the night alive.when you think introversion is a mental disorderwhen you think introversion is a mental disorderThat's stupid.ღ You're the queen of multitaskingღ You come up with a thousand ideas and you want to do every single one of them~ღ You talk so fast that people feel the need to catch some breath for youღ It's either 10 things at once or bustWhen you have actually sent a series of texts like this: ''On a break from work come hang out with me'' ''where are you?? I'm on a break you have to come hang out with me.. are you there??'' ''I am leaving now, what will I do for 2 hours alone!! ANSWER YOUR PHONE MY GOD!'' ''yay!!  come asap I have already been here alone for 10 minutes'' So annoying, I know, but 2 hours alone on break I would go back to work more depressed and tired. The worst part of being an extrovert is coming across as really intense and annoying at times.Or have come home from work desperate to talk about your day and have walked into the bedroom of your friends who are lying in bed together, plonked yourself down on the bed and began to chat, without a second of hesitation.#whatispersonalspacevIt is funny how the stereotypes of extroverts and introverts still exist. I am an extrovert and believed I was an introvert from when I was 12 because everyone seems to think only introverts are quiet, shy and calm/peaceful. I did not dare to talk to strangers, I was afraid because I was shy. I kind of hate small talk, maybe bc my mom is an INFJ, but yeah..who would say that about extroverts? I can join small talk for 30 min, then I prefer to be alone or with people that have something interesting to talk about. Sorry this is all about ME, ghehe.Also I kind of love the same things extroverts love, but also the the things introverts love. Both I love reading and socializing, deep conversations and going out/clubbing, quiet time in my room vs. joining groups to have a nice time You are probably more moderately extroverted Allthelittlelights. Stereoptypes of all kinds are for the more extremes. If a discussion is about a topic that bores me I will just daydream and I can appear introverted to people who bore me.Hm.. when you have a conversation with yourself when you're home alone. When you talk shit and expect everyone to listen to you. When you go outside for no goddamn reason other than to meet new people.When you speak to your 90-year-old Gran about life.When you friend someone on Facebook you only met once for a brief period of time.When you friend someone on Facebook you only met once for a brief period of time.When your introverted friends throw house parties and you're always the one they have to kick out last :3When you find out you're extraverted but were previously confused by definitions, and you're surprised and happy about it, which by definition probably means you're not an introvert after all.When you take a personality test and you share your results with everybody you know.When you go to a social event, have fun at said social event, and come home to talk to your friends/family about the social event until they kick you out of their room/house/space.when you cant loose When everyone around you is a boring fudge and you're just dying to go out and do something because it's Halloween and you can't do indoors when you could be outdoors dressed like Onpu Segawa for the one night it's socially acceptable.Extreme double posting :sWhen you actually know the difference between being an extrovert and acting loud and obnoxious.I love my fellow extroverts but I extremely dislike the ones that do things just so people notice them and all their 'fun', 'quirky' behaviours.When people tell you you talk too much.When you jiggle like an energizer bunny when you are in a group of peopleWhen you cant just say hello to your friends, but instead must say: Greeeeetings!When you're alone you feel kind of dull and are in a bit of a daze but the more you talk to people the sharper your mind becomes and the more you want continue.you know what will make the idea of being more extrovert or introvert easier to understand? play.we all play are we not? i am not saying introverts won't choose to play in teams but extroverts probably will enjoy games that require teamwork or challenging others at a game and being motivated by others in general. Also extroverts need to meet face-to-face, love to dress up for any kind of an activity and sometimes the activity itself can be dressing. When you lose all your motivation and start circling around your house all frustrated if you have not seen anyone in two days.When you have every night of the week booked with some social activity that you probably invented, and used your charisma to invite people to. And when you don't have something some night, your life isn't complete.When someone invites you to a party, and when you show up, you have 5 other people with you.When you have the charisma to get away with insulting someone of influence you just met, chock it up to be an innocent joke, and they offer you a job immediately afterwards.You always go crazy when you're alone for a couple of days.You always go crazy when you're alone for a couple of days.I guess this is the easy way to spot if someone is an introvert or an extrovert. Ask them if two days alone would feel like a vacation or feel like hell. I envy your alone time!o yes those circles are mind fucks of joy huh weeeeeeeeeeeeeWhen you so want to say good morning to that stranger.When police knocks down your door, informing you that you've reached the speech limit.When you think there's not enough extroverts here.When you post on PersonalityCafe once and don't post again for over 3 years. No one I know of...When you constantly share too much and talk too much... Then immediately think "oh crap, why can't I ever just shut up?" When after meeting a friend you start wondering if they were bothered/annoyed by you being the one talking 95% of the time you just spent together and if you were too smothering.And some days ago I was still wondering if I'm an introvert after all....When snow days or any time you have to stay in are dreadful.IDK im an introvert lolif correct this firmly affirms me being an introvert  for me it's like.. nobody home..for reals..heaven!When you constantly share too much and talk too much... Then immediately think "oh crap, why can't I ever just shut up?" When after meeting a friend you start wondering if they were bothered/annoyed by you being the one talking 95% of the time you just spent together and if you were too smothering.Want to talk to friends, and people you have romantic interest for, but feel as if you might be annoying them.When you feel 10000x better after having a positive social interaction, even if that interaction just involves paying for food.When you get "depressed" after being alone for a day.. or even a few hours somedays :frustrating:Not really depressed but yeah.. lost the word atm :tongue: SO DEPRESSED WILL DO FOR NOW!if correct this firmly affirms me being an introvert  for me it's like.. nobody home..for reals..heaven!When you get bored easilyYou can't spend all day insideYour dominant function is extroverted, the same with your tertiary when you answer right away and you modify your own answer while still speakingWhen spending too much time online makes you feel like a loser. :tongue:When you create something you're really proud of and feel the need to show everyone you knowWow, lots of ENxxs on this thread...When you find that silence is difficult to appreciate, compared to your introverted friends.When you realize you talked basically that whole time :blushed:When you don't really mind big crowds, even if they're coming to your place.You need people to bounce all your ideas on.You can't go 24 hours without affirmation, and God forbid it comes from an introvert.When you actually know the difference between being an extrovert and acting loud and obnoxious.I love my fellow extroverts but I extremely dislike the ones that do things just so people notice them and all their 'fun', 'quirky' behaviours.When you go and live in a summer camp for 5 weeks and you're excited because you're always surrounded by people and actually you feel lonely when there's no one in the common room and you go round looking for people to talk to. And I used to be an introverted, who would sayI wasn't trying to be funny:laughing:When you start to go crazy after spending one day alone and unconsciously type "All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy" over and over again on a Microsoft Word document.True story.When after long time out with a group everyone gets tired but you get hyper.Introverted people have it so, so much easier... Being really extraverted is a struggle for sure, gets old bringing introverts outta their shells but, oh so fun!!Introverted people have it so, so much easier... Being really extraverted is a struggle for sure, gets old bringing introverts outta their shells but, oh so fun!!...When you decide to go and buy something just to make small talk in the cashier line.You start bothering others because you can't just sit and think.when you're talking to one of your friends and just bring a random stranger nearby along with your conversation, for a quick opinion or just to have them join in general-When your teacher asks "Who wants to..." (Lead, volunteer, whatever) and the whole class is already looking at you in expectation.When you are way more excited about your friend's wedding than bride herself. :laughing:You feel like you're about to explode when you haven't spoken to someone in, what, 30 minutes? Unless you're playing a good video game, or reading a good book, or writing something random in a good online forum When you're the first to kick the INTJ's ego down a notch. When you get lonely during the 30 minute commute to work...You know the thing i find the most ironic in terms of PerC in itself is this. If you head over to the ENFP/TP forum, even the ESFP/ENTJ, you won't find masses and masses of data being exchanged. One liners, a few paragraphs here and there. The introverted forums explains everything in complete detail, they go on and on , sometimes repeating themselves over and over again. I can hardly get through reading all the blab, i find myself skipping every 10 lines and getting the jest of the whole thing. Basically Ne can sum up everything that needs to be said in a few lines, often 1. The sub forums are draining, introverts will use up pages in order to get a point across. So yeah, i have to wonder who really talks the most The word is spelled EXTRAVERT and you can touch type it with only your left hand (I mean this in the most literal way only)There are other words like that too but I can't think of any atm.ExtravertI know you're an Extravert when you're never there in your forum and sees comments like, "somebody, please, revive our forum!"The word is spelled EXTRAVERT and you can touch type it with only your left hand (I mean this in the most literal way only)There are other words like that too but I can't think of any atm.And jung whose work we are speaking about also preferred extrovert,due to the other one not being proper Latin whilst claiming to follow the rules of that language.Oh, this is news to me. I thought Jung had it as extravert (at least in PT) which is why I was using that spelling. :/Nono I meant Extrovert.sorry, late post, typoDammit it's my autocorrect apt.extravert thusNever forming to a "clique" in high school. You were friends with EVERYONEThe first time someone "ssh"'s you (note that's a noise and not secure shell protocol)You ruin someone's birthday and have no clue why. hahaWhen you get over-excited, can't pipe down and wake everyone up every single nightYou ruin someone's birthday and have no clue why. haha... you're already like the duracell bunny just thinking you'll be spending the weekend in an expo talking to hundreds of new people.When you make friends at every party you attend. It's just so easy for you to find things in common with people and be like YAY LETS BE FRIENDS YOU'RE GREATYou know the thing i find the most ironic in terms of PerC in itself is this. If you head over to the ENFP/TP forum, even the ESFP/ENTJ, you won't find masses and masses of data being exchanged. One liners, a few paragraphs here and there. The introverted forums explains everything in complete detail, they go on and on , sometimes repeating themselves over and over again. I can hardly get through reading all the blab, i find myself skipping every 10 lines and getting the jest of the whole thing. Basically Ne can sum up everything that needs to be said in a few lines, often 1. The sub forums are draining, introverts will use up pages in order to get a point across. So yeah, i have to wonder who really talks the most You know the thing i find the most ironic in terms of PerC in itself is this. If you head over to the ENFP/TP forum, even the ESFP/ENTJ, you won't find masses and masses of data being exchanged. One liners, a few paragraphs here and there. The introverted forums explains everything in complete detail, they go on and on , sometimes repeating themselves over and over again. I can hardly get through reading all the blab, i find myself skipping every 10 lines and getting the jest of the whole thing. Basically Ne can sum up everything that needs to be said in a few lines, often 1. The sub forums are draining, introverts will use up pages in order to get a point across. So yeah, i have to wonder who really talks the most Your subforums always seem empty because most of you are out in the real world, talking to people in person.You talk yourself hoarse every time you spend 6 or more hours with friends or family.You start a new job, and realise the person you share a desk with is not a talker and doesn't like being interrupted. Buuuut gossiping is more fun than work, talk to me!! I'm fun!!When people say "You can't have a mental illness, you're so outgoing!"When you're a terrible listener because you're too busy marvelling at the awesome thing you've just said/are about to say- yet you're somehow able to deliver a satisfactory response to the conversation anyway!when you prefer going out than staying at home in most occasions, staying is boringwhen you eagerly go from one party to another without feeling tired.When you have trouble getting work done, because someone might be out there doing something and you might miss it.The reliance/dependance on external support/guidance is a fundamental facet of the makeup of your personality/being, and you accept this fact with relatively little shame.When you show everyone what you do :laughing:When you have to try hard not to dominate class discussions.When you keep on talking :crazy:You demand to be the magician's volunteer to be sawed in half even though they insist they're a Subway sandwich artist... and politley ask you to get back in the line.Yeah, I know. :laughing::wink: :heart:Yeah, I know. :laughing::wink: :heart:He finally changes his tag to ENTJ Congrats :kitteh: Oh my gawd, it's you! Hey, welcome back Firelily. I haven't seen you around in a while.  Yes, I'm feeling better and more like myself these days.  I would say those are all good signs that you're an extrovert! :heart:Also, is that you in your avatar? That's... an interesting costume. :laughing:heheThank you roud: Ah, I see. Cool cool.  You're already looking forward to Christmas? There's still Halloween first. :laughing: And here in the US there's Thanksgiving too.Yeah, thanks! Did you go on that Trip to Mexico, btw? That was a few months ago now. Not yet :wink:If you head over to the ENFP/TP forum. . . . . One liners, a few paragraphs here and there. The introverted forums explains everything in complete detail, ,Thinking about visiting some place else or visiting a different friend? :happy:Well its really all about getting time off sadly. i still want to visit mexico very much. I have seen too much of it now not to want to see with my own eyes.Work keeping you busy?i have been super buzy this year. (one of the busiest years i've had) i fear next year is going to be worse What's keeping you so busy that you might be busier next year? :shocked:Life. hahaha and i have also decided to take some time off to go back to school to become a teacher :laughing: noYou know it when you want to have friends and go outside but that shitty inner demon wants to keep you insideYou know it when you want to have friends and go outside but that shitty inner demon wants to keep you insideDoth it be you, Kormak?When quarantine is driving you insane.When you need time alone to recharge, but you want to feel someone's presence around or else it'll get "too lonely".When you have some weird desire to take over for someone. lolWhen someone in a film can’t resist the temptation to lecture the enemy instead of shooting him right away, whereby the enemy finds the time to arm himself with a pistol or at least a knife. Or when someone is falsely accused of murder and inexplicably lowers his gaze like a guilty child, leaving the saving words unsaid. None of the above: